[Music]
the proko rat distortion pedal let's run
it up against the turbo rat distortion
pedal and the you dirty rat distortion
pedal and the white coyly cable and a
Les Paul with some hum buggers
we got a Fender blues junior down there
ready and waiting for some nastiness
let's do it
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah
Hey
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]
a
Hey
[Music]
so there you have it the Rat Pack
regular rats turbo rats you dirty rat
they are all 2008 models so they are
essentially brand new Fender blues
junior Gibson Les Paul the rats I
actually liked the you dirty rat the
best seem to have a little more of a
natural tone to it than the hairiness of
the other two but if you're getting a
rat in the first place you probably want
the hairiness yep
[Music]